If we werent at this party and these people werent around, I would jump you right now!
What would you say if I asked you to go down on me right now?
It might sound greedy, but I need your cock so bad right now.
Im going to drain your balls tonight!
I wish I could control myself better around you, but when I see you, all I want to do is rip your clothes off and fuck you.
I need to feel you inside me.
Nobody has ever fucked me like you do.
Even when youre in a bad mood, I want to fuck you.
Im going to mark you as mine tonight.
When we get home, Im going to make you orgasm so hard.
Knowing that you can completely overpower me makes me so crazy horny.
What would you prefer I wear tonight, a thong or panties or nothing at all?
Would you discipline me if I was acting bratty?
Im going to break you tonight.
If these people werent here, I would be on my knees with your cock in my mouth.
I can barely concentrate; I just keep thinking about you grabbing me and taking me.
Ive got a sexy surprise for you later 
I wish we could just stay in bed and have sex all day long
I love it when you wear tight clothes.
Guess what color my panties are?
We need to meet after work; this horniness is killing me.
I just want to wrap my pussy around your cock.
You look so fucking hot in the morning.
I wore these panties just for you.
I feel so horny and helpless when you dominate me.
Tonight is going to be a lot of fun 
If you play your cards right, youve got some pleasure/fun coming your way.
Stop looking at me like that, its making me wet.
Tonight were going to do what I want to do. But dont worry, its going to be a lot of fun!
Im going to make you scream and shout tonight!
Its a pity were not in bed right now because all I can think of is feeling your body on mine.
I just want to be your little fuck doll
I want to feel your cock in my mouth. 
I love it when you fuck me like a slut.
Fuck me like you mean it!
I dont want to feel my face or hands after youre done with me.
I want to taste your cum.
Making you cum hard is my number one priority right now.
Taste me.
I dont want to be able to walk tomorrow so fuck me harder.
Degrade me.
Use me.
Dont stop.
Fuck me like your own me.
Youre going to make me cum.
I love your dick.
Fuck my cunt.
Fill me up.
I want your cum.
I want to fall asleep with you inside me.
Grab my breasts and squeeze my nipples.
Ive been really bad and need to be punished.
Youre not leaving here until I have your cum in my mouth.
Deeper! (then pull him deeper with your arms and legs)
I want to hear you scream my name when you cum.
You like how I fuck you?
Pull my hair and slap me.
Please fuck me harder daddy.
Make me your bitch.
Cum for me.
